
1) What is Java inheritance?

    Allows the creation of hierarchical classification.

2) How does inheritance work?

    Is a general class that defines common traits to a set of related items.
    This class can then be inherited by other, more specific classes.
    The keyword for this is extends.

3) What are some advantages that inheritance provides?

    Is that once you have created a superclass that defines the attributes common to a
    set of objects, it can be used to create any number of more specific subclases.

4) What does the "super" keyword do?

    It calls the superclass constructor

5) In what order are constructors called when there are multiple subclasses?

    From the superclass to the last subclass.

6) What does it mean when a method is overridden?

    Is when a subclass method has the same return type and signature as a method in its superclass,
    then the method in the subclass is said to override the method in the superclass.

7) How do overridden methods support polymorphism?

    Because it forms the basic for dynamic dispatch and this is how Java implements run-time polymorphism.
    I allows a general class to specify methods that will be common to all of its derivatives, while
    allowing subclasses to define the specific implementation of some or all those methods.
    One interface, multiple meyhods.

8) What is the difference between an overloaded method and an overridden method?

    In overloaded methods just the one method that has the same parameter that the onject
    created will be used. It scanned for the best match. In overridden method, one method will
    override the other.

9) What is dynamic method dispatch?

    Is the mechanism by which a call to an overridden method is resolved at run time rather than compile time.

10) What does the "final" keyword do?

    Prevents a method from being overridden or a class from being inherited.

11) Are classes in Java are a subclass of what super class?

    The object class.

